https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZVB9XmXZt0tF9p7oVLphAv35Zn2WdwctANqzL_j1VzU/edit?usp=sharing

Introduction

Description and Purpose

NCM Orientations are a way for RD personnel to relay information to NCMs so they may understand the Legislation, AoS, better. 
Within these Orientations, NCMs are introduced to the AoS, given a brief teaching over its content, and allowed questions about the AoS.
The goal of these Orientations is to spread knowledge of the AoS in order to curb legislative infractions among Corporation Members on-site or otherwise.

Beginning of the Event

The host will first gather several, willing NCMs to participate in the Orientation. Once they have begun the event, they will direct all attendees towards the AoS document that is in the Discord server so they may refer to it as needed during the Orientation. If they do not have Discord or cannot access it at the time, they may continue to participate. Do not remove them from the orientation. Once all applicable attendees have done so, the host will relay the following (Or similar); 
“We are now going to begin the Orientation over the AoS. I will be giving all of you a brief summary over each Article and any important sections.”

At no point will the host become impatient or hostile towards attendees. If there is an attendee who is “trolling” or ruining the event, they may be removed Professionally.


Phase 1

At the start of Phase 1, the host will announce that a NCM orientation has begun within the upper viewing area, near the Innovation Department spawn at the Test Subject Zone. 
After it has been announced, the host will wait until at least 6 individuals have come to the location, after which he will then wait another 2 minutes for any extra individuals, with a maximum capacity of 12 individuals per orientation.
-
Once there are enough individuals or enough time has gone by, the host will announce on the radio that the orientation has begun and no further attendees are allowed, after which he will explain to the current attendees about what an orientation is.
-
The host is expected to tell the attendees to not speak, pay attention and be respectful and mature at all times. Once told that, the host is then expected to ask the attendees if they are in the Nova Corporation Discord, and that they need to DM or ping the host in #corporation_comms. If an NCM is not within the Discord, then the host shall tell them to join, if they are unwilling or unable to join, then they shall leave the orientation.
-
Once done explaining about the orientation, the host will then proceed to explain to the NCMs about what the AoS is, starting with the most important articles, such as Article 2 and Article 1. The host shall then tell the attendees that they are expected to note everything told by the host.

At least 2 articles must be explained to the attendees, said articles will be chosen by the host. The host will have to outline and explain 5 clauses from each Article, of which he will expect the attendees to take notes about.
-
Once done explaining to the attendees, the host will then proceed to move into Phase 2 of the NCM Orientation.

Phase 2 
By the point the host has reached Phase 2, the attendees should atleast have
some basic knowledge about the orientation and Articles of Service, they should also all have been told about the clauses that will fall into the following questions.
The host is expected to tell the NCMs to DM him the answers to any questions on Discord.  The host shall always ask the NCMs at least 10 questions during Phase 2. 
During the questioning, the host is supposed to note how many questions the attendees got right, and give them 1 point per correct answer. To pass the orientation, an attendee will require at least 7 points.
-

Once that is done, the host will then proceed to arrange the NCMs for a clear screenshot (with their names shown). Once everything has been completed, the host will then log the orientation in the appropriate channel for orientation logs.
